# Soundscape-Preview-
In the preview, I have started my soundscape of a live rock concert. So far, I am composing the beginning of the concert. The soundscape starts as the band comes out on stage. At first, there is only a single note playing, but as soon as that happens, the crowed starts screaming like crazy. As the crowed continues to scream, some other instrumental noises play. Then, the drum kicks in.... This is all I have so far. Next, I plan on adding in instruments one at a time until it sounds like a complete song. I will add other aspects to the soundscape such as the music and instruments changing volume, tempo, tone, and intensity. I will also portray other factors of concerts, such as getting shoved (what it is like to be a petite girl in a crowd full of bigger people), mosh pits, the band yelling, and crowd surfers (getting kicked in the face).  


So far, I have three layers of audio- horror ambiance, instrumental drums, and a live concert. There are a few different parts of the soundscape where the layers overlap. There is also a part where all three layers overlap. I have used different effects in audacity, such as the Amplify, change speed, change tempo, and fade out effects. I plan on playing around with other effects, as I continue to compose my soundscape, and work in other effects to make it more interesting. 


The audio of the horror ambiance and the instrumental drums is from a website. The audio of the live concert is from a video that I took while I was at a concert. I took just the audio from the video and incorporated it into my soundscape. The actual video that I took is from the start of a Pierce the Veil concert, when the band first came out on stage and there was a sudden rush of excitement and noise from the crowd.  
